https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13244 missing host docs (#6876)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cim_auto_add_host.adoc

After turning on the host, the image starts downloading. This might take a few minutes. When the host is discovered, an `Agent` custom resource is created automatically.

[#auto-add-host-steps-converged]
== Disabling converged flow

Converged flow is enabled by default. If your hosts do not appear, you might need to temporarily disable converged flow. To disable converged flow, complete the following steps:

> . Create the following ConfigMap on the hub cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the following config map on the hub cluster:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: my-assisted-service-config
  namespace: multicluster-engine
data:
  ALLOW_CONVERGED_FLOW: "false"
----
+
*Note:* When you set `ALLOW_CONVERGED_FLOW` to `"false"`, you also disable any features enabled by the Ironic Python Agent. 

. Apply the ConfigMap by running the following command:

> +
> ----
> oc annotate --overwrite AgentServiceConfig agent unsupported.agent-install.openshift.io/assisted-service-configmap=my-assisted-service-config
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[source,bash]
----
oc annotate --overwrite AgentServiceConfig agent unsupported.agent-install.openshift.io/assisted-service-configmap=my-assisted-service-config
----
```

After turning on the host, the image starts downloading. This might take a few minutes. When the host is discovered, an `Agent` custom resource is created automatically.

[#auto-add-host-steps-converged]
== Disabling converged flow

Converged flow is enabled by default. If your hosts do not appear, you might need to temporarily disable converged flow. To disable converged flow, complete the following steps:

> . Create the following config map on the hub cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the following config map on your hub cluster:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: my-assisted-service-config
  namespace: multicluster-engine
data:
  ALLOW_CONVERGED_FLOW: "false"
----
+
*Note:* When you set `ALLOW_CONVERGED_FLOW` to `"false"`, you also disable any features enabled by the Ironic Python Agent. 

> . Apply the ConfigMap by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Apply the config map by running the following command:
```

- See xref:../credentials/credential_on_prem.adoc#creating-a-credential-for-an-on-premises-environment[Creating a credential for an on-premises environment]

- To learn more about scaling compute machines, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/machine_management/manually-scaling-machineset.html[Manually scaling a compute machine set] in the {ocp-short} documentation.

> - To learn more about converged flow, see xref:../clusters/release_notes/known_issues.adoc#deploy-managed-stuck-pending[Managed cluster stuck in _Pending_ status after deployment].

Reviewer: This link is broken

Author: Should be fixed now, thanks for the review!
